<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sp3_3ld_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 6</title>
    <shortdesc>The Shoe Fits!</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p dir="ltr">Cinderella had heard the royal decree, she was amazed that the prince was
            coming to look for her. Although she knew they had an amazing night of dancing, she had
            no idea he cared so much for her to come find her. Elated, she waited by the window
            every day, waiting for her prince to come. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">While Cinderella waited, her stepmother schemed. She had no idea it was
            Cinderella who had danced with the prince and she had her mind set on one of her
            daughters marrying the prince. But in order for that to happen one of their feet had to
            fit the glass slipper. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">Finally, after many days of waiting, the prince finally arrived at Cinderella’s
            house. Her stepmother nearly dragged the prince inside, so excited to have him in her
            home. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">“Please, come sit! We are so honored to welcome you to our humble home” she
            said. Cinderella listened from behind a wall, waiting for the right moment to reveal
            herself. </p>
        <p dir="ltr" audience="adult">Then one of the guards presented the slipper, in all its
            radiant glory. The first stepsister sat down, prepared to fit her foot inside the shoe
            no matter the cost. She took a deep breath, scrunched her toes up as tight as she could
            and shoved the front of her foot inside the shoe. It was quickly apparent that her foot
            was far too big for the small glass slipper. But this didn’t stop the girl. Without
            saying a word she ran to the kitchen and grabbed the butcher knife. Before anyone could
            stop her she slammed the knife down on her two smallest toes and chopped them clean off.
            Horrified, the prince looked ready to run for the door. </p>
        <p dir="ltr" audience="children">Then one of the guards presented the slipper, in all its
            radiant glory. The first stepsister sat down, prepared to fit her foot inside the shoe
            no matter the cost. She took a deep breath, scrunched her toes up as tight as she could
            and shoved the front of her foot inside the shoe. It was quickly apparent that her foot
            was far too big for the small glass slipper. But this didn’t stop the girl. Without
            saying a word she ran to the kitchen and grabbed a stick of butter. She rubbed it all
            over her foot and once again tried to shove her slippery foot inside the shoe.
            Horrified, the prince looked ready to run for the door.</p>
        <p dir="ltr">“Wait!” the stepmother yelled. “I have one more daughter, I assure you she is
            the girl you danced with, her foot will fit inside the slipper.” </p>
        <p dir="ltr">The prince, although still in shock, was determined to leave no stone unturned
            and gestured for the other sister to sit down to try the slipper. This time, as the
            sister slipped her foot in, it slipped in…far too easy. Her foot was much too small for
            the glass slipper. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">“Oh, um,” the stepsister stuttered. “You know what, I just remembered I was
            wearing socks that night because my feet were chilled, let me go get a pair so you can
            see.” She rushed off her to bedroom and grabbed not one pair, but six pairs of her
            thickest, warmest socks. After she managed to get them all on her foot she began to run
            back down the stairs but because one foot had six pairs of socks on it and the other had
            none, she tripped and began to fall down the stairs, thudding all the way down. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">The prince stood up at once. “Enough!” he said. I will not entertain your lies
            or trickery any longer, it is clear my princess is not here and I should be going now.” </p>
        <p dir="ltr">At that Cinderella burst out from the other room. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">“Wait, no please, let me try the slipper,” she began. “My stepmother hid me
            away today because she thinks I wasn’t at that ball, but I was, we danced all night and
            it was the most magical few hours of my life. I had to run home because no one in my
            family could know I was there. I’m sorry you had to go to all this trouble, but I am so
            grateful you’re here.”</p>
        <p dir="ltr">Although he didnt immediately recognize her, the prince was wowed by the girl’s
            kindness and agreed to let her try on the slipper. The whole room held their breath as
            Cinderella sat down and took hold of the shoe. In one motion, Cinderella’s foot
            flawlessly slid in the shoe. It was undeniable, the shoe fit. </p>
    </body>
</topic>
