<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sp3_3ld_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 7</title>
    <shortdesc>Happily Ever After </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p dir="ltr">At once the prince’s eyes filled with tears. He couldn’t believe he had found
            his princess. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">“You, you are the one I’ve been looking for,” he whispered. “And I’m afraid the
            first time we met I didn’t ask your name, I was too mesmerized by your beauty.” </p>
        <p dir="ltr">Cinderella smiled, “My name is Cinderella.”</p>
        <p dir="ltr">“Cinderella,” the prince grinned. “Would you do me the honor of being my bride.
            We can rule the kingdom together and with your kindness and grace, I know you would make
            the most amazing queen.”</p>
        <p dir="ltr">And he was right. After Cinderella and the prince got married, Cinderella made
            a wonderful queen. She went on walks through her garden every day, singing to the same
            animals she became friends with so long ago. She threw festivals and parties in the town
            square full of singing and dancing. She picked bouquets of flowers and gave them to her
            servants and maids. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">Although Cinderella had a heart of kindness and would have been happy just to
            never see her stepmother or stepsisters again, her husband was furious after hearing
            about the way she was treated and insisted they be punished. The stepmother and
            stepsisters were sentenced to the castle’s dungeon. There were rumors that the dungeon
            was full of monsters that ate the prisoners alive. </p>
        <p dir="ltr">Cinderella finally lived a life of peace again and her and the prince lived
            happily ever after. </p>
    </body>
</topic>
